README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: complete portfolio layout and content configuration

README.md, after:

# Arda Cankaya | UGC Portfolio

A modern, high-performance portfolio website built with **Next.js 14**, **Tailwind CSS**, **Framer Motion**, and **Sanity.io**.

## Features

- ⚡ **Dynamic Content:** Projects, profile details, and pricing are managed via Sanity CMS.
- 🎨 **Premium UI:** Smooth animations, glassmorphism effects, and responsive design.
- 📱 **Mobile First:** Fully optimized for all device sizes.
- 🔍 **SEO Optimized:** Dynamic metadata and OpenGraph tags.

## Vercel Deployment Guide

1.  **Push to GitHub:**
    Commit your changes and push to a GitHub repository.

2.  **Import to Vercel:**
    - Go to [Vercel Dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard).
    - Click **"Add New..."** > **"Project"**.
    - Import your GitHub repository.

3.  **Environment Variables:**
    **CRITICAL:** You must add the following environment variables in Vercel (Settings > Environment Variables) for the CMS to work:

    ```bash
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SANITY_PROJECT_ID=YourProjectID
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SANITY_DATASET=production
    ```
    *(You can find these in your local `.env.local` file)*

4.  **Deploy:**
    Click "Deploy" and wait for the build to complete.

## Sanity Studio

To access the admin panel (CMS), go to `/studio` (e.g., `your-site.vercel.app/studio`) after deployment.
